README.md, before:

# Bloug React app

Easy and minimal blog writing app built with modern React.js and various features

## Gains
- React.js
    - Basic hooks
    - Custom hooks
- React Router
    - Switch and Routes
    - Reack Link
    - AbortController and useEffect cleanup
    - Endpoint parameters useage with useParams
    - Natural re-direction with useHistory
    - 404 not found page
- JSON server endpoint testing
    - Fetching securing (async handling, server down, bad response)
    - Loading states feedback

<br>

![](https://shields.io/badge/-react-4377cb?logo=react)
![](https://shields.io/badge/-node-4377cb?logo=node.js)
![](https://shields.io/badge/-json-4377cb?logo=json)
![](https://shields.io/badge/-css-4377cb?logo=css3)


## Usage

Pull `npm install` and `npm run dev`

*Use the testing server*
`https://my-json-server.typicode.com/bbhitec/bloug-json-server/blogs`


<!--
## Next
- [ ] restyle - gray and purple
- [ ] fix remote backend json-server [here]
- [ ] blog delete button in blog list
- [ ] Various responsive design techniques
- [ ] search functionality
- [ ] view and likes functionality
- [ ] Input to state handling
    - [ ] Input state in params for input recovery?
- [ ] User areas and dashboards?
- [ ] Back end the blogs
- [ ] Alternate fetching tech? (axios/ReactQuery?)
- [ ] Use env variables for endpoint addresses

-->

Commit message:

feat: attaching remote backend service

README.md, after:

# Bloug React app

Easy and minimal blog writing app built with modern React.js and various features

## Gains
- React.js
    - Basic hooks
    - Custom hooks
- React Router
    - Switch and Routes
    - Reack Link
    - AbortController and useEffect cleanup
    - Endpoint parameters useage with useParams
    - Natural re-direction with useHistory
    - 404 not found page
- JSON server endpoint testing
    - Fetching securing (async handling, server down, bad response)
    - Loading states feedback
    - Backend deployment as web service

<br>

![](https://shields.io/badge/-react-4377cb?logo=react)
![](https://shields.io/badge/-node-4377cb?logo=node.js)
![](https://shields.io/badge/-json-4377cb?logo=json)
![](https://shields.io/badge/-css-4377cb?logo=css3)


## Usage

Pull `npm install` and `npm run dev`

*Use the testing server*
`https://bloug-backend.onrender.com/`


<!--
## Next
- [ ] Use env variables for endpoint addresses
- [ ] restyle - gray and purple
- [v] fix remote backend json-server
- [ ] blog delete button in blog list
- [ ] Various responsive design techniques
- [ ] search functionality
- [ ] views and likes functionality
- [ ] Input fields to state efficient handling
    - [ ] Input state in url params for input recovery?
- [ ] User areas and dashboards?
- [ ] Alternate fetching tech? (axios/ReactQuery?)

-->
